Vietnamese is very difficult for me. Because its pronunciation is much more difficult than Japanese.
It has sounds we can not pronounce well.
And It has unique tones.
However,it is very beautiful sound.
This winter was very cold, but it is getting warmer suddenly in March.
The starting of cherry blossoms may bloom earlier than expected.
I'm annoying with pollen allergy for ten years or so.
Pollen dust is a large amount in this year, I heard by the weather forecast.
However, good medicine was developed and I take it so my allergy is not so serious.
But many of Japanese are masked, it's quite strange...
Pollen dust is a large amount in this year, I heard by the weather forecast.
One of my Brazilian friend showed me pictures of fusion food which is mixed pizza and sushi!!
How awful it is.
I said I've never eaten and it seems like not good.
I wrote this letter that I want you to understand my feelings.
For long distance relationships, everyday greetings are important for continuing our good relationship I think.
To be honest, I am sorry to hear that you did not reply to me though I sent you good morning.
I understand you are busy with work and you have a lot of things you have to do..
I just wanted knowing my mind 
I will recall about my boyfriend, when I wake up in the morning, and when I go to bed at night.
I know well you are doing your best.
The spring break starts today.
I cannot contain myself for joy.
There are many things I want to do. Reading, drawing,playing instruments,sleeping,traveling and learning English.
I wonder if I will start from what.
There are many tests in this week!
I want high scores but I don't want to study more.
I went to Kauai island of Hawaii to learn Hula a month ago.
I'm really surprised that has passed a month already!
I learned Hula from differnt teachers and it was really excited to me!
But I was not sure English and I couldn't understand what they wanted to told me.
That's I'm sorry.
It had been on my wishlist for a long time, but I wouldn't have imagined that I bought it on UK PSN.
I created a UK PSN account and bought a wallet code just to get this game.
I enjoyed them, sometimes QTE annoyed me though.
The hilarious glitch can be caused at the serious climax scene.
Now I understand why people so get hyped about upcoming "Detroit: Become Human", which is a game the same developer created.
Today I was singing at Karaoke with my friend 2 hours.
but We sometimes study Chinese and Japanese during the time.
We were really enjoy the time.
This is the word from Hiroyasu Kamikawa who is a noble surgeon.
To receive criticism means to challenge something.
In recent years, more and more people criticize like a critic due to the expansion of the Internet.
However, most of them may not know difficulties to behavior actually.
Shuzou matuoka
Ihara says that curiously he stopped to sleepwalk after that, probably because of the shock of it.
After thinking deeply, Ihara delivers his conjecture:
2: Other events suggesting his sleepwalking were no more than circumstance evidences.
3: Therefore, Kimura might have committed the murder, having framed Ihara.
During his speech, Ihara has gradually begun to stare his face.
Detecting his intense glare, Kimura leaves there awkwardly.
Left alone, Ihara muses:
"Now after so many years, I can't nothing but appraise his ingenuity.
He might have changed his name as well as his deformed face."
You can read this by the link below if you like, because it's out of copyright.
Yesterday was White day, which is the day men or boys who got gifts from female on Valentine's day give them something in return.
My son got some, too, so I drove him to the girls' houses after work.
When we got home, the three-brother-boys who my daughter gave coockies were standing out side of our entrance in the dark.
I was frightened by them because I didn't expect anyone there that late and they didn't move but just standing there watching us.
My daughter gave them home-made coockies but they gave my daughter so many stuff; such as a bottle filled with candies, hand towel, strawberries.
According to their mother, she's trying to teach them that gentlemen should return to girls three-time of what they got.
The brothers have lots of friends everywhere and have got so many on Valentine's day, so I wonder how many gift she prepared.
I like chocolates and alcohol, but once I have them, I will definitely want them next day, and I would keep having them every day...
B:I came here with ex-boyfriend.
Sorry, I shouldn't have asked you that.
B:It isn't matter.
As I heard, this restaurant have a star of Michelin.
A:Yes, it has.
It's nice food, hasn't it?
My job involves creating leatherwork goods by hand.
I mainly make a wallet.
B:I've no idea.
Let's go to that restaurant next month.
A:Not cheap, but their food look very nice.
Dear Admission Officer,
My name is Will and I am an applicant of the MFA program this year.
Now,I have received the offer from the program.
However, my TOEFL score is 96 which does not reach the minimum requirement.
I want to ask if I can not meet the requirement before June 30th, could I still get the offer or do I have other options?
I notice about this news today.
Do you want to board this shinkansen?
I have an Alexa, Amazon smart speaker.
Usually, it reacts and listens to me when I say "Alexa", but recently I've noticed that Alexa sometimes even reacts when I sneeze.
He always makes me feel more alive and energetic than I am ever before.
A market street near my home will have a festival next weekend.
Some workshop and flee markets are held at the festival.
Handwriting
Students have to make her speech in every class on Wednesdays.
So I asked the new student if she had finish to put her idea together, organized and made a draft.
She immediately opened her notebook and I found that a few sentences had been written on it.
Instantly, I translated them in Japanese and she jotted down my sentences.
It was good season because it was not hot nor cold.
One of her sentences were like this.
It likes early summer weather.
It was cold this morning, so I get bundled up, but now it is hot so I take off a clothes.
I liked the music and watnted to play it on the piano.
I have been listening to the music many times a day.
There is a dumb waiter in our laboratory to carry water samples for experiments.
When we open the dumb waiter door, the dumb waiter makes For Elise.
Sometimes, I hear the music like an auditory hallucination even though the dumb waiter doesn't sound the music actually.
I referred to certain people who don't say it to certain people even though they say it to some people.
I'm grateful to them for their kind comments.
Her comment sounds like she didn't like me to write such a entry.
It's pity to read such an entry."
"Yeah, she is right" I think I wouldn't feel bad if I didn't correct them anymore.
However, this sounds like negative thought to me.
You say "thank you" and the person who is told would be happy and they say "thank you" to others.
I wish many people in the world would feel the same!
I know that it would be impossible to make all people in the world feel the same as me, but without doing anything, nothing would happen, so I want to try.
However, this sounds like negative thought to me.
I'd like to try to make better corrections, and then, they might feel like "thank you" is coming out naturally.
You say "thank you" and the person who is told would be happy and they say "thank you" to others.
I saw a shocking news just now.
I remember that I had many places which made me excited around me.
They are ranked how strong they are.
There was a good exmple, a wrestler who is 160 kg defeated a wrestler who is more than 200 kg yesterday.
The weight is nothing to do with the game.
Having said that, one wrestler said when he faced a big wrestler, he looked like a wall, and intimidating.
This apartment spoke of here is a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not pubic but commercial one.
Because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoys his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, beginning to make some friends.
However, one day Kimura, one of his friends, comes in on his room and tells a weird thing.
According to Kimura, last night when Kimura sleeps, Ihara burst into his room and began to debate on the difference between Plato and Aristotle.
It surprises Ihara, because he doesn't have any memory like that.
Kimura asks him whether if he might have experience of talking in his sleep by any chance.
Kimura suggests that Ihara might relapse into it, having aggravated into some kind of sleepwalking.
Considering the situation, Ihara believes that it was his deed and surrenders to police.
When he was a student decades ago, he was staying at an apartment in Tokyo.
This apartment spoke of here is a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not pubic but commercial one.
Because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoys his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, beginning to make some friends.
However, one day Kimura, one of his friends, comes in on his room and tells a weird thing.
According to Kimura, last night when Kimura sleeps, Ihara burst into his room and began to debate on the difference between Plato and Aristotle.
It surprises Ihara, because he doesn't have any memory like that.
Kimura asks him whether if he might have experience of talking in his sleep by any chance.
Ihara, having a vague memory of childhood when he talked in his sleep, agrees.
Kimura suggests that Ihara might relapse into it, having aggravated into some kind of sleepwalking.
Ihara accepts his guess, feeling pretty anxious.
From then on, a few events which suggest Ihara's sleepwalking occurs periodically.
Considering the situation, Ihara believes that it was his deed and surrenders to police.
Ihara's friends, including Kimura, strive to save him because his sleepwalking disease have been famous among them.
Although Ihara is acquitted because of his mental problem at last, he is devastated mentally because he believes he actually killed the person all the same.
The flower season of camellia is from December to April of next year.
This flower is mainly in red, otherwise in yellow or in white, which are very brightly colored.
This flower exhibition, as the largest one in our city in our city in recent three years, fully shows the species and technology of camellia.
In order to let plant lovers be accessible to get close to camellias, this exhibition will be arranged around the whole park to provide convience for tourists.
I don't want to be wet.
The problem is that a bathroom is under construction and I have to go outside to wash at the other one.
I am missing sunshine.
* practicing to make sentences *
I hang in there to study English.
I'm hanging in there to work now.
When I hung around a supermarket, I bumped into him.
I have hangover cause I drunk too much yesterday.
As I'm hungover, I need some water.
The number of traffic accident deaths in the world is more than one million people every year.
Actually, my sister had an accident when I was an elementary school student.
I want to reduce such accidents as much as possible through the work related with safety techniques.
I meant it as a joke, but As a result I slandered others.
I want to apologize it, but it's rare case to meet him.
It may be seems doubt him if I make chance to meet him.
I meant it as a joke, but As a result I slandered others.
I want to apologize it, but it's rare case to meet him.
It may be seems doubt him if I make chance to meet him.
Last night was a company 's year - end party.
I got an amazon gift card and a Starbucks gift card with a simple participation type quiz and was delightful.
First, consuming moderate amount of caffeine can improve blood pressure and lower the rate of depression.
But hey!
I woke up late recently, so I'll going to the office quickly now.
I did not notice very tired, so I think probably cause it.
I hope I have a long sleep time for get a refresh and relax.
Either way, I'll going to office fast today.
Cherry blossoms at school were so surprised at this warmth that it bloomed at once.
I went on a business trip to a department where I begin to work from next month.
The aim of the trip was to takeover the work from the previous worker.
I will come back there next week.
Anyway, I enjoyed drinking sake and eating local foods that contained sashimi, grilled beef, good rice.
The Narita Airport and The Haneda Airport
I will make use of the Narita Airport tomorrow because the charge of the tour from the Haneda Airport is higher than from the Narita Airport.
The Haneda Airport is good and useful consequently almost Tokyoite want to take there however the charge is high.
I went to several times to Seoul and sometimes used the Haneda Airport.
The international part of the Haneda Airport is beautiful because the building is new compared with domestic part.
Originally, the Haneda Airport was built for domestic flights and then the international part was built later.
I joined fre English class which hosted by my city.
It started at 3 p.
The class can join everyone who live in my city.
Four foreigner's teachers and four Japanese students includs me participated.
It was for first time we met except Ian.
I'm afraid I wasn't able to listen to your name clearly.
Dave: No, it's vary rare though.
I joined fre English class which hosted by my city.
m for an hour at community center.
The class can join everyone who live in my city.
It was for first time we met except Ian.
Dave:  Actually,it's my middle name.
Dave: No, it's vary rare though.
The Story is about two man who get to know each other in a hot spring.
One is Saito who have deformed face injured during the previous war and the other is Ihara.
When he was a student decades ago, he was staying at a apartment in Tokyo.
The Story is about two man who get to know each other in a hot spring.
One is Saito who have deformed face injured during the previous war and the other is Ihara.
After taking a bath, they talks about their pasts.
Saito talks about his tough experiences during the war showing his numerous old injuries.
This apartment here is a kind of old Japanese large house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not pubic but commercial one.
This may be one-thirds of it and I'd like to write the rest later.
One is Saito who have deformed face injured during the previous war and the other is Ihara.
When he was a student decades ago, he was staying at a apartment in Tokyo.
This apartment here is a kind of old Japanese large house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not pubic but commercial one.
This may be one-thirds of it and I'd like to write the rest later.
I do yoga everyday.
I watched TV program of yoga the day before yesterday.
I understood that yoga is good to mental.
Today is the last lesson of the 2017 fiscal year.
I' feel down
I attend English conversation class every Wednesdays.
when I start speeking something, the words slipping away and I just mumble.
When I am listening to other people, I enjoy listening, and even can correct some their mistakes in my mind.
I attend English conversation class every Wednesdays.
when I start speeking something, the words slipping away and I just mumble.
When I am listening to other people, I enjoy listening, and even can correct some their mistakes in my mind.
My best friend was found got few wisdom tooth.
The doctor pulled out one of them two weeks ago.
She had need to took a small surgery because the teeth grown in the gums, so cut open it and pulled out then sutured.
But when she went to take out stitches last week, there was infalmmation.
So she had to sufferd the pain again!
She bought a Teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and sufferd from diarrhea.
I can feel her very much.
My best friend was found got few wisdom tooth.
The doctor pulled out one of them two weeks ago.
She had need to took a small surgery because the teeth grown in the gums, so cut open it and pulled out then sutured.
But when she went to take out stitches last week, there was infalmmation.
So she had to sufferd the pain again!
She bought a Teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and sufferd from diarrhea.
Yesterday she told me that she wanted to kill herself.
I can feel her very much. Since I went through lots of terrible things many years ago.
I comforted her this is life!
I think many Japanese don't want to make futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
Soaking in a hot bath is relaxation and you can clean your bodies before you go to sleep.
Even so, I feel that it takes too much my whole family to take a bath every night.
In my family's case, we fill a lot of hot water with the bathtub but I recycle it when I do the laundry for conservation of resources.
However, not all of Japanese do so.
Do you prefer to take a shower even in winter?
Soaking in a hot bath is relaxation and you can clean your bodies before you go to sleep.
What is Your Purpose to Take a Shower or a Bath
I think many Japanese don't want to make futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
Even so, I feel that it takes too much my whole family to take a bath every night.
Boston Symphony is very famous.
Also Boston Symphony is famous in Japan, probably because Japanese music director Seiji Osawa.
I recently went to their performance.
The venue is pretty nice and the play was quite good.
It was all Mozart program: Symphony 34, 36, 41.
When I was in the Bay Area, California, I went to SF symphony, which is also good, but it was far from South Bay and it took over 2 hours to go to SF symphony venue.
Now in Boston, it only takes 30 min.
At the symphony concert, I always wonder why the average age of audience is relatively high.
The row in front of me, I over heard this conversation.
A: But they email special events of Boston Symphony.
I'm now on my way back to home.
It was wireless earphones released by Apple.
I paid JPY 18,000 for that.
I thought it was kind of pricey to get it compared to other earphones.
As soon as I bought it, I put the earphones on, and played a music, and I felt like it's just same as others, there is no special functions with it.
I thought why did I get it, I shouldn't have got it.
However, after I used it for a couple of weeks, it became really useful to me.
I realized that there is a only few differences between the earphones and other earphones, one of which is no cable with the thing that I can operate my phone without touching since it's linked to the phone.
When you knock the earphones twice, it activates the Siri that allows us to make a call, and listen to a music, which is something that other earphones can not do.
Japan Needs English Teacher
We should be aware of our behave.
He were keenly upset.
That priest loves pathetic children.
I tried not to write my vile feeling on my face.
He was ablaze with angry.
They risked their life and fought.
He were keenly upset.
A huff is useless.
That priest loves pathetic children.
He did a profane thing.
I tried not to write my vile feeling on my face.
I resolve with revulsion.
A rate for Personal Income Tax in Poland is 18% and 32%.
There is a progressive rate so it depends on a quota of annual income.
Income taxes are applied on the international level.
Local taxes are applied on the town level.
Employees should pay or so twenty percent of the wage.
All I can do to cure a cold is about nourishing and sleeping.
When I drank caffeine-free nutritional drinks, metabolism became active, and I sweated a lot.
It will be a maternity leave in one month, so I should think about how to spend every day.
I can't do everything alone, thus I have to keep asking them to do something with respects.
There are some people who get me angry, but I know that I should not actually do so to them.
I can't do everything alone, thus I have to keep asking them to do something with respects.
All I can do is just get on job first.
Vancouver is a good city?
I've been wanting to take a trip abroad recently since it took a pretty long time since I had done last time.
I also want to check and improve my English skill by talking to foreign people.
I thought about countries which I should go to.
My wife suggested Hawaii, but I didn't agree with it because many people speak Japanese there.
I've been wanting to visit Australia for a long time since I had heard of the country from my ex-coworker who had taken a trip there.
His story and pictures that he showed me was exciting for me.
I don't like a cold weather, so I gave up that idea.
I could go see them and have the local cuisine.
But, I turned down the idea because my wife suggested visiting there with the whole family next year.
I've watched on TV that a train ran through a vast forest.
I decided that I'll definitely get the train someday at that time.
So, I'm going to start planning to take a trip to Vancouver, and then get the train.
However, I think there is a huge difference between tourist and traveller.
A tourist gets superficial impression about place which he visits.
He doesn't try to immerse deep into a new city or place, because he travells for stereotypes which are imposed by mass-culture.
Conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for itself.
A traveller think that travelling is not only the way to know the world, but know yourself.
Here is my personal tips on a good travelling:
You won't see a real life there.
A real life is what you want to see, isnt't it?
Try to feel city or place which you visit.
When you take a photo, you are focusing on this process, but not on the getting your impressions.
Our impressions are these things, which will be with us forever and it more valued and important than any photo.
You can't visit everything for a short time and turmoil won't benefit for your journey.
There are a lot of people who love to travel and a well-known list "I was here" is seemed as personal life achivements.
However, I think there is a huge difference between tourist and traveller.
He doesn't try to immerse deep into a new city or place, because he travells for stereotypes which are imposed by mass-culture.
Conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for itself.
Here is my personal tips on a good travelling:
You won't see a real life there.
When you take a photo, you are focusing on this process, but not on the getting your impressions.
Our impressions are these things, which will be with us forever and it more valued and important than any photo.
You can't visit everything for a short time and turmoil won't benefit for your journey.
No sooner had Nolan stepped into the room than Sidney yelled, "Welcome to Joan's concentration camp, buddy!" Upon seeing several prisoners and piles of paper on the long desk, Nolan understood what happened.
I think that, as it was thousands of years ago with another societies, modern society is very influenced by idols, in this case, celebrities.
Nowadays, it is more easy to see what our favorite celebrities are doing, it is enough with sign up on instagram or snapchat and see what they actually do in their daily life.
My brother is hungry, Probably I'll finish later.
GOOD EVENING, IT WAS AGES THAT I HADN'T LOGGED IN LANG8.
YESTERDAY I WENT IN A English SCHOOL in order to ask I much it costs a full English course.
I guess due to the correct answer about conditional tence.
However there were Italian teacher, teaching English.
I supposed that it is not the best way to improve my pronunciation skills.
I need a native English support.
Thus, I reminded Lang8.
My goal is write every night something and receive feedback.
No vocabulary while writing.
It isn't worth it to wake up before you alarm goes off.
She talked that many of her fans also like ZABADAK so she planned joint concert with Yoko Ueno, who quitted from ZABADAK at that time.
I had been listening those songs over 25 years ago.
One day, I listened to her songs through YouTube and found a recording of a joint concert.
started approaching it towards me.
He had caught me off guard, and I am more than sure if I had been able to breathe that I would have screamed...
And then, as if it were a miracle, the entrance door suddenly swung open.
Right after, as if I strings that were holding me had been cut, my body fell to the ground.
Today was a English lesson once a week and my tutor came to my house.
She kindly spoke English slowly and used simple English for me, but sometimes I couldn't understand that.
After the lesson for 1 hour, I'm always exhausted.
English Lesson once a week
Today was a English lesson once a week and my tutor came to my house.
She kindly spoke English slowly and used simple English for me, but sometimes I couldn't understand that.
After the lesson for 1 hour, I'm always exhausted.
Espero que tengas la paciencia para corregir mis errores en el idioma.
POSITIVE PARENTING AFTER SEPARATION
Mom and dad used to hate each other but they didn't divorce.
Dad went to have a second wife and left us.
I think he didn't care about us, he even didn't spend a penny for us.
All he wanted was to revenge my mum at any cost, even if that cost was us, his children.
All I remember about dad and mom is fights, screams, loud voices and beat.
Once time, mum, sister and I travelled to Aswan to visit my grandma there.
When we returned, we found my dad change the door's lock.
He refused to open the door for us so we had to stay the night at our neighbour's home.
Although all these bad experiences, I sometimes feel I miss him.
On the other hand, even mum was good, but we are not friends.
I also woke up very late this morning because my daughter took a day off due to the graduate ceremony of her junior school and I didn't need to bring her to the school bus stop this morning.
The final meeting today had been planned to take just one hour, but it eventually took more than 2hours....
The boss told him many instructions.
At the end of the meeting, the boss told us stay the meeting room and called the other teammate.
The teammate brought one whole cake mad by the very expensive and popular patissier.
If I are him, I cry because it was just after my boss got angry.
Responsible, efficient, have analytical thinking, is able to solve complex problems.
In my eyes, the context within which we live is a main reason that might make us feel worse psychologically.
The individuals around us can push us to feel down, as well as the circumstances we live through have a vital effect.
On the other hand, I don't think poverty by itself is a reason.
However, I agree that the way we think and ruminate on our life and experiences shape a vital element in making us feel depressed or not in the mood.
For example, a lot of poor people don't suffer psychologically as they are satisfied with their own life, while others who are much better economically, face troubles in accepting their life the way it is.
Regarding the factor that can alleviate these issues, is support which is a very crucial solution to help people to change their style of thinking.
To find those who make you feel capable and strong enough to overcome your own struggle.
To have those who give you positive energy to go on in your life journey.
Talking about myself, I pass through a crucial phase of my life.
I have to make a decision either to continue my current way or to start over a new career with a lot of study, money and efforts.
Aside from my personal life that I don't feel comfortable with.
So far, I cannot make my mind as I'm this kind of person who needs to be pushed and charged to start over something new.
Those who are around me all that they do is to blame me, and told me it's too late to make changes in my life.
They force me to ruminate on the past opportunities that I let them go.
I know I'm the only one who can decide it but it's not easy with all this blame and overthinking.
I just need to feel relieved and relaxed so I can make my mind which is impossible in the atmosphere where I live now.
Even taking the first steps and making a schedule to start studying and brush up Spanish find it really hard to do.
So what is in my mind now is asking myself a lot of what ifs
It means that youth has an excellent opportunity to improve its knowledge without boring lessons or wasting time for getting to classrooms.
In addition, blogs, YouTube channels and sites of famous fashion designers, handmade masters, actors, writers, coaches and so on show workshops and give useful tips.
That is why I am positive that computers and the internet can contribute to youth mental development, if people use them to be better.
I have had a gastroenteritis from last weekend.
I got stomachache suddenly at midnight.
I went see a doctor by taxi with husband.
But my husband have got sick now.
But my husband have got sick now.
Yesterday evening I met my ex classmates of high school.
We remembered a lot of situations and episodes that happened.
I forgot some of them, but I liked very much when someone told us those situations.
After the meeting, alone in my car during my journey to home, I remembered which school subjects I didn't study very well because I didn't liked.
If I studied them now I'd do it very well, with passion and diligence
His mother once said, he was so creative that he could use everything as a toy.
At this point, it should be noted that he was a declared atheist during his entire life.
There had more or less 90000 households which used that method.
The less popular technology for watching TV was Internet.
In 2006, the broadcast was less used than Cable and Satellite.
The cable was the most common with 100000 households.
In 2009, Internet, with 120000 households, was become the most popular way to watch television while the use of Broadcast and Cable decreased strongly with 90000 and 40000.
In 2014, Internet, without contestation, was the first technology with almost 200000 households against 10000 for the Broadcast.
Therefore, Internet had conquered 20000 households while the broadcast lost almost all these users.
I bought a very simple long-nose black leather shoes with a single line as my first work leather shoes after graduation from university.
So I just picked up such a very simple black leather shoes.
He suffered another heavy setback, when he realized that he couldn't find any.
But the problem was, like, I had a crash on this guy named John.
And we're gonna go--he was gonna be like my only time I was gonna interact with a boy.
And then, like, I put my face in the table club.
I was like, "Hi, John.
I've met a girl who is from Germany and she lives in the UK for more than 20 years.
I didn't notice she was a German as her English sounded perfect and beautiful.
She told me that she went to school with British friends and grew up with them so she has no difficulty in communication as long as she is in the UK.
However, she told me that only when she counted the number or had to calculate something, her brain switched off English and switched on German automatically.
53+12=65 These kind of easy numbers are fine.
My brain already start calculating in Japanese.
It's impossible to do in English.
I've met a girl who is from Germany and she lives in the UK for more than 20 years.
I didn't notice she was a German as her English sounded perfect and beautiful.
However, she told me that only when she counted the number or had to calculate something, her brain switched off English and switched on German automatically.
53+12=65 These kind of easy numbers are fine.
My brain already start calculating in Japanese.
Today I had a productive day.
This morning, I went to work at seven and a half am.
I had a lunch and took a rest about 1 hour.
On time 1 pm, I had a English class until 5 pm.
I had done yoga too.
Tired and stress was disappeared.
I was sure this night I can sleep as well.
Are they same meaning?
It was a meaningful day, I have spent around 6 hours enriching myself, such as reading books, learning English and sum-up.
One of my must-read books is Zizhi Tongjian which is a great history book with well written and wonderful stories.
In the afternoon, I saw a movie called Paddington which was very funny.
The talking bear was very lovely.
My girlfriend came home very late because of her busy work.
She had not had lunch, not to mention dinner.
The boss wanted to take up all her free time.
I am currently training as an office management assistent.
The vocational training takes place on the one hand in the company and on the other hand in the vocational school.
In the company, you are 40 hours a week and therefore 8 hours a day.
At the vocational school 8 classes of 45 minutes each take place in theoretical lessons.
In order to pass the training, exams must be taken at the end.
The examinations and the monitoring of the training run over the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
At the vocational school you have subjects like for example social studies, ethics, German and English language as well as word and data processing.
In the company one has different tasks, for example dealing with incoming and outgoing mails, sort and file away documents, organize different evevents and taking the minutes.
My favorit subject is German because I like to learn something new about spelling and grammar.
At the company I enjoy preparing and participating in events best because it is very diverse and, unlike the paperwork, it provides a bit variation.
Lately I bought a macbook for studying web design.
Current my job is not related with professional use of design, but someday I would like to have such job.
what is difference between consist and contain?
I remember as if it were yesterday when I first listened to Dire Straits.
I was at a party when I heard a breathtaking solo guitar.
Since then, my dream was always to attend one of its concerts.
Dire Straits had given many concerts in my city but for one reason or another, it had never been possible for me to attend one of their shows.
I had been waiting for more than 30 years and now my dream was going to come true.
However, I started having doubts about whether or not after having expected for so long, the concert would really live up to my expectations.
The evening of the event, I put on my old black leather jacket and went to the football stadium where the concert was to take place in.
When the concert began everything and everybody around me disappeared.
There was nothing but the group and me.
However, the best was yet to come; the solo guitar that I had heard that very first day was longer and more intense than in any of their albums.
If I had to choose a single word to describe this experience, that would be undescribable.
In a nutshell, that day I learnt that no matter how well music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
Musicians playing live always go the extra mile to satisfy their audience.
However, I started having doubts about whether or not after having expected for so long, the concert would really live up to my expectations.
In a nutshell, that day I learnt that no matter how well music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
In January, I went to Lithuania on business trip.
It's shameful to say, but I had very limited knowledge of Lithuania then.
Even the name of the capital Vilnius, I couldn't spell it.
Almost only thing I knew well was that a Japanese diplomat Chiune Sugihara who served as acting consul in Kaunas.
He risked his carrier, but took the the action to protect every individual indispensable life.
This story was famous in Japan and there is even a movie about it.
So I had wanted to ask some Lithuanians if they knew something about Sugihara or Japan since I came to Lithuania.
I couldn't believe the answers I could get because they were more than I had expected.
Of course, she knew Sugihara and heard of the whole story.
Thinking of the Lithuanian situation where many highly educated master graduates have to work as clerk in apparel shop or in fast food chain shops, it could be taken granted for that a Lithuania working at one of the Japanese leading companies had a profound knowledge of history.
But what if around 20 years guys who were not interested in school subjects could know Sugihara and tell me the history eloquently.
Maybe around thirty past four o'clock.
I had to stay up and work all night to fulfill the all tasks by the deadline.
By four o'clock I managed to have all tasks done and the only things left was to print out 50 each of 5 different documents and bring them to the headquarter by taxi.
By 20 minutes before the deadline all copies was done, but 50 more copies of an additional document sent from Estonia suddenly needed bringing to the headquarter together with the other documents.
It takes 8 minutes by taxi from my workplace to the headquarter.
So I thought then there were still 20 minutes left and I could make it.
The extra copies were done as well 5 minutes after then, I rushed to the entry where a taxi was supposed to wait for me.
When I look back on it now, it still makes my heart be beating.
If I could have called another taxi, I was told to have waited for it for 15 minutes.
It could never make it by my deadline.
That's why I thought I had to catch a taxi driving on the street along my workplace, but there was dark outside at twenty five past four o'clock in the morning and I didn't see something move.
For only a moment I could fortunately see a faint light in the darkness in a parking area of supermarket.
I was acting in instinct.
There was only 5 minutes left until deadline, so I didn't have any choice but run to catch the possibility still left.
The faint light was actually a car light and it was almost teenagers those who were eating early breakfast in the car.
I explained to them that I had to bring my documents to headquarter as soon as possible and asked if they could drive me there.
They were first confused, but I was not sure if they felt my sense of crisis and they accepted my offer soon after that.
What made me most surprised was that even these guys knew Sugihara and told me that almost all Lithuanians get to know him before you start to learn him and the story in a history class.
