Vietnamese is very difficult for me because its pronunciation is much more difficult than Japanese.
It has sounds that we cannot pronounce well.
Also, it has unique tones.
It's very beautiful sound.
This winter was very cold, but it suddenly got warmer once March started.
The cherry blossoms may bloom earlier than expected this year.
I've been annoyed with pollen allergy for ten years or so.
I heard from the weather forecast that the amount of pollen is large this year.
However, good medicine was developed and I take it, so my allergy is not so serious.
However many Japanese people are wearing masks. It's quite strange...
 I heard from the weather forecast that there is a large amount of pollen this year.
One of my Brazilian friends showed me pictures of a fusion food which is a mix of pizza and sushi!!
How awful.
I said I've never eaten it and it seems like it's not good.
I wrote this letter because I want you to understand my feelings.
For long distance relationships, I think everyday greetings are important..
To be honest, I felt bad when you did not reply to me when I sent you "good morning."
I understand you are busy with work and you have a lot of things to do..
I just wanted you to know what's on my mind.
I think of you when I wake up in the morning and when I go to bed at night.
I know  you're doing your best.
The spring break has started today.
I cannot contain myself for joy.
I want to do many things, such as reading, drawing pictures, playing instruments, sleeping, traveling and learning English.
I wonder which I should do first.
 I have a lot of tests this week!
I want good grades but I don't want to study any more.
I went to Kauai island, Hawaii to learn Hula a month ago.
I'm really surprised that it's already been a month since I cam back.
I learned Hula from different teachers and it was really exciting to me!
However, I was not sure about English and I couldn't understand what they wanted to tell me.
That was a pity.
It had been on my wishlist for a long time, but I wouldn't have imagined that I would buy it on UK PSN.
I created a UK PSN account and bought a wallet code just to get this game.
I enjoyed them, but the QTE sometimes annoyed me from time to time though.
The hilarious glitch can be caused at the most serious climax scene.
Now I understand why people get really hyped about the upcoming "Detroit: Become Human", which is a game the same developer created.
Today I was singing at a karaoke bar with my friend for hours.
However, we sometimes studied Chinese and Japanese during the time.
We really enjoyed the time.
This is a quote from Hiroyasu Kamikawa, who is a well-known surgeon.
To receive criticism means to challenge something.
In recent years, more and more people criticize others due to the expansion of the Internet.
However, most of them may not know difficulties to behavior actually.
Shuzo Matsuoka
Ihara says that curiously he stopped sleepwalking after that, probably because of the shock of it.
After thinking deeply, Saito delivers his conjecture:
2: Other events suggesting his sleepwalking were no more than circumstantial evidence.
3: Therefore, having framed Ihara, Kimura might have committed the murder.
During his speech, Ihara gradually looked up and began to stare at his face.
Detecting his intense glare, Kimura left awkwardly.
Left alone, Ihara mused:
"Now after so many years, I can do nothing but praise his ingenuity.
He might have changed his name as well as deformed his face".
You can read this in the link below if you like, because it's from copyright.
Yesterday was White day, which is the day men or boys who got gifts from women or girls on Valentine's day give them something in return.
My son got some chocolate on valentines day, so I drove him to the girls' houses after my work.
When we got home, three boys who my daughter gave cookies to were standing outside of our entrance in the dark. They were brothers, by the way.
I was frightened by them because I didn't expect anyone to be there that late and they didn't move but just stood there there watching us.
My daughter gave them home-made cookies but they gave my daughter so many stuff; such as a bottle filled with candies, a hand towel, and strawberries.
According to their mother, she's trying to teach them that gentlemen should return to girls three times what they got.
The brothers have lots of friends everywhere and have got so many chocolates on Valentine's day, so I wonder how many gifts she prepared.
I like chocolates and alcohol, but once I have them, I will definitely want them the next day, and I would keep wanting to have them every day...
B:I came here with my ex-boyfriend.
Sorry, I shouldn't have asked it to you.
B: It doesn't matter.
I heard that this restaurant has a star of Michelin.
A:Yes, it does.
It's nice food, isn't it?
My job involves fashioning leatherwork goods by hand.
I mainly make wallets.
B: I have no idea.
Let's go there next month.
A:Not cheap, but their food looks very nice.
Dear Admissions Officer,
My name is Will and I applied to the MFA program this year.
Now, I have received the offer from the program.
However, my TOEFL score is 96 which is below the minimum requirement.
I want to ask, if I cannot meet the requirement before June 30th, would the offer still stand? Would I have any other options if not??
I noticed this today.
Do you want to ride this shinkansen?
I have an Amazon smart speaker called Alexa.
Usually, it reacts when I say "Alexa," but recently I've noticed that Alexa sometimes even reacts when I sneeze.
He always makes me feel more alive and energetic than I ever was before.
A market street near my home will have a festival next weekend.
 workshops and flea markets will be held there.
Handwriting
Students have to give a speech on Wednesdays.
So I asked the new student if she had finished putting her ideas together and organized them into a draft.
She immediately opened her notebook and I found a few sentences written in it.
 I immediately translated them into Japanese and she jotted down my sentences.
It was good season because it was not hot nor cold.The weather was nice, it was neither hot nor cold.
 One of her sentences was like this.
I like early summer weather.
It was cold this morning, so I get bundled up, but now it is hot so I have to take off some clothes.
I liked the piece and wanted to play it on the piano.
I have been listening to the piece many times a day.
There is a dumbwaiter in our laboratory to carry water samples for experiments.
When we open the dumbwaiter door, the dumbwaiter plays For Elise.
Sometimes, I hear the music like an auditory hallucination even though the dumb waiter doesn't sound the music actually.
I referred to certain people who don't say it to certain people even though they say it to some people.
I'm grateful to them for their kind comments.
Her comment sounded like she didn't like me writing such an entry.
It's pity to read such an entry."
"Yeah, she is right." I think I wouldn't feel bad if I didn't correct them anymore.
However, this sounds like negative thought to me.
You say "thank you" and the person who is told would be happy and they say "thank you" to others.
I wish many people in the world would feel the same!
I know that it would be impossible to make all the people in the world feel the same as me, but without doing anything, nothing would happen, so I want to try.
However, this sounds like a negative thought to me.
I'd like to try to make better corrections, and then, they might feel like "thank you" is coming out naturally.
You say "thank you" and the person who is told that would be happy and they say would "thank you" in return to others.
I saw a shocking news story just now.
I remember that I had many places around me which made me excited.
They are ranked based on how strong they are.
There was a good exmple of a wrestler who is only 160 kg defeated a wrestler who is more than 200 kg yesterday.
The weight has nothing to do with the game.
Having said that, one wrestler said when he faced a big wrestler, he looked like an intimidating wall.
This apartment is a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
Because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoys his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, and begins to make some friends.
However, one day Kimura, one of his friends, comes in on his room and says a weird thing.
According to Kimura, last night when Kimura slept, Ihara burst into his room and began to debate the difference between Plato and Aristotle.
It surprises Ihara, because he doesn't have any memory of that.
Kimura asks him if he might have experience of talking in his sleep by any chance.
Kimura suggests that Ihara might relapse into it, having evolved into some kind of sleepwalking.
Considering the situation, Ihara believes that it was his deed and surrenders to the police.
When he was a student decades ago, he was living in an apartment in Tokyo.
The apartment was a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students lived in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
Because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoyed his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, and began to make some friends.
However, one day Kimura, one of his friends, came into his room and told him something weird.
According to Kimura, last night when Kimura was sleeping, Ihara burst into his room and began to debate the difference between Plato and Aristotle.
It surprised Ihara, because he didn't have any memory of it.
Kimura asks him if he might have any experience talking in his sleep by chance.
Ihara, having a vague childhood memory of him sleeptalking, agrees.
Kimura suggests that Ihara might have relapsed and it evolved into some form of sleepwalking.
Ihara accepted his guess, feeling pretty anxious.
From then on, a few events which suggest that Ihara sleepwalks occur periodically.
Considering the situation, Ihara believes that it was him who did the deed and surrenders himself to police.
Ihara's friends, including Kimura, strive to save him because his sleepwalking disease is well known to them.
Although Ihara is finally acquitted because of his mental problem, he is devastated mentally because he believes he actually killed the person all the same.
The flower season of the camellia is from December to April of next year.
This flower is mainly red, otherwise yellow or white, and very brightly colored.
This flower exhibition, as the largest one in our city in recent three years, fully shows the species and technology of the camellia.
In order to let plant lovers have access e to get close to the camellias, this exhibition will be arranged around the whole park to provide convience for tourists.
I don't want to be wet.
The problem is that the bathroom is under construction and I have to go outside to wash at the other one.
I miss the sunshine.
* practicing making sentences *
I hang in there to study English.
I'm hanging in there to work now.
 I was hanging around the supermarket when I bumped into him.
I have a hangover cause I drank too much yesterday.
 Because I'm hungover, I need some water.
The number of traffic deaths in the world is more than one million every year.
Actually, my sister was in an accident when I was an elementary school student.
I want to reduce such accidents as much as possible through work related to safety techniques.
I meant it as a joke, but as a result I slandered others.
I want to apologize it, but it's rare to meet him.
It seems doubtful that I would get the chance to meet him again.
I meant it as a joke, but as a result I slandered a person.
I want to apologize for it, but it's rare to meet him.
It may be seems doubt him if I make chance to meet him.
Last night, my company held the end of the fiscal year party.
I got an Amazon gift card and a Starbucks gift card as the prize of a simple quiz and I was delighted.
First, consuming a moderate amount of caffeine can improve blood pressure and lower the rate of depression.
But hey!
I overslept and woke up late, so I'll be going to the office hurriedly now.
I did not notice that I was very tired; so I think this was why I overslept and became late.
I hope that I would feel more relaxed and refreshed, after a good long sleep.
Either way, I'll be going to the office quickly today.
Cherry blossoms at school were so surprised at this warmth that they bloomed at once.
I went on a business trip to a department where I begin to work next month.
I went there in order to takeover the work from the previous worker.
I will go back there next week.
Anyway, I enjoyed drinking sake and eating local foods that contained sashimi, grilled beef and good rice.
 Narita Airport and Haneda Airport
I will use  Narita Airport tomorrow, because the charge of the tour from Haneda Airport is higher than from Narita Airport.
 Haneda Airport is good and useful, so consequently almost all Tokyoites want to use it, even though the price is high.
I went to Soul several times and sometimes I used Haneda Airport.
The international terminal of Haneda Airport is beautiful because the building is newer than the domestic terminal.
Originally, Haneda Airport was built only for domestic flights and then the international terminal was build later.
I joined a free English class hosted by my city.
It started at 3 p.m. at a community center, and lasted for an hour.
The class is open to anyone who lives in my city.
Four foreign teachers and four Japanese students including me participated.
Except for Ian, it was the first time we had met.
I'm afraid I wasn't able to hear your name clearly.
Dave: No, it's vary rare.
I joined the free English class hosted by my city.
m and lasted an hour at our community center.
Everyone who lives in my city can join it.
It was the first time that we had met each other except Ian.
Dave: Actually, it's my middle name.
Dave: No, it's very rare though.
The Story is about two man who get to know each other in a hot spring.Man is singular- one man, two men, three men, all the king's horses and all the king's men.
One is Saito who have deformed face injured during the previous war and the other is Ihara.One of the men is Saito who has a deformed face due to an injury in a previous war, and the other character is Tara.I have, you have, they have, Saito and Tara have, Saito HAS, she HASThird person singular uses HAS
When he was a student decades ago, he was staying at a apartment in Tokyo.*A before a consonant-a dog*an before a vowel-an apartment
The Story is about two men who get to know each other in a hot spring.
One of them is named Saito, who has deformed face he got during the previous war and the other is named Ihara.
After taking a bath, they talk about their pasts.
Saito talks about his tough experiences during the war by showing his numerous old injuries.
This apartment here is a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
This may be one-third of it and I'd like to write the rest later.
One of the men is Saito who has a deformed face injured during the previous war, and the other is Ihara.
When he was a student decades ago, he was living in an apartment in Tokyo.
The apartment was a kind of a large old Japanese house where dozens of students lived in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
This is about one-third of it and I'd like to write the rest later.
I do yoga every day.
I watched a TV program of yoga the day before yesterday.
I understood that yoga is good for mental health.
Today is the last lesson for the 2017 fiscal year.
I feel down
I attend English conversation class every Wednesday.
Whenever I start saying something, the words slip away and I just mumble.
Whenever I am listening to other people, I enjoy listening, and I can even correct some of their mistakes in my mind.
I attend an English conversation class every Wednesday.
When I start speaking, words are slipping away and I just mumble.
When I am listening to other people, I enjoy listening and even can correct some of their mistakes in my mind.
My best friend realized she had few wisdom teeth.
The doctor pulled one of them out two weeks ago.
She needed to have a small surgery because the teeth grown in the gums, so they were cut open, pulled out then sutured.
But when she went to take out the stitches last week, there was inflammation.
So she had to suffer all that the pain again!
She bought a Teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and suffered from diarrhea.
I felt for her very much.
My best friend had pain in her wisdom tooth.
The doctor had pulled out one of them just two weeks ago.
She had to undergo a small surgery because the teeth had grown in the gums, so they had to cut the gums open, take it out and then suture it.
But when she went to take out the stitches last week, there was an inflammation.
So she still has to suffer the terrible pain!
She bought a Teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and suffers from diarrhea.
Yesterday, she told me that she wanted to kill herself.
I can feel her pain very much since I went through lots of terrible things many years ago.
I comforted her saying that this is life!
I think many Japanese don't want to make their futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
Soaking in a hot bath is relaxing and you can clean your body before going to sleep.
Even so, I feel that it takes too much time for my whole family to take a bath every night.
In my family's case, we fill the bathtub with a lot of hot water, but I recycle it when I do the laundry in order to conserve resources.
However, not all Japanese do.
Do you prefer to take a shower, even in winter?
Soaking in a hot bath is relaxing and you can clean your body before you go to sleep.
Why Do You Shower or Bathe?
I think many Japanese don't want to make the futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
Even so, I feel that it takes my whole family too long to bathe every night.
The Boston Symphony is very famous.
Also the Boston Symphony is famous in Japan, probably because of the Japanese music director Seiji Osawa.
I recently went to one of their performances.
The venue is pretty nice and the music was quite good.
It was an all-Mozart program: Symphonies 34, 36, and 41.
When I was in the Bay Area, California, I went to SF symphony, which is also good, but it was far from the South Bay and it took over 2 hours to get to the SF symphony venue.
Now in Boston, it only takes 30 min.
At symphony concerts, I always wonder why the average age of the audience is relatively high.
In the row in front of me, I overheard this conversation:
A: But they email about special events at Boston Symphony.
I'm now on my way back home.
They are wireless earphones released by Apple.
I paid 18,000 yen for that.
I thought they were kind of expensive compared to other earphones.
As soon as I bought them, I put them on and playedmusic, and I felt like the sound was just the same as others. There are no special functions with it, either.
I thought why I got them. I shouldn't have gotten them.
However, after I used them for a couple of weeks, they became really useful to me.
I realized that there are only a few differences between the earphones and other earphones; one of which is no cable with the thing that I can operate my phone without touching since it's linked to the phone.
When you knock at the earphones twice, it activates the Siri that allows us to make a call, and we can listen to music, which is something that other earphones can not do.
Japan Needs English Teachers
We should be aware of our behavior.
He was keenly upset.
That priest loves pitiable children.
I tried not to write my vile feeling on my face.
He was ablaze with anger.
They risked their lives and fought.
He was deeply upset.
Losing your temper is pointless.
That priest loves poor children.
He committed a profane act.
I tried not to show my disgust on my face.
I resolve matters through violence.
The rates for Personal Income Tax in Poland are 18% and 32%.
It is a progressive rate so it depends on your annual income.
Income taxes are applied at the international level.
Local taxes are applied at the municipal level.
Employees should pay around twenty percent of their wages.
All I can do to cure a cold is get nourishment and sleep.
When I drank caffeine-free nutritional drinks, my metabolism became active, and I sweated a lot.
I will be on maternity leave in one month, so I should think about how to spend my days.
I can't do everything alone, thus I have to keep respectfully asking them to do things.
There are some people who get me angry, but I know that I should not actually be angry at them.
I can't do everything alone, thus I have to keep asking them to do something with respect.
All I can do is just get on with the job.
Is Vancouver a good city?
I've been wanting to take a trip abroad recently since it has been a pretty long time since I've been on one.
I also want to check and improve my English skills by talking to foreign people.
I thought about which country I should go to.
My wife suggested Hawaii, but I didn't agree with her because many people speak Japanese there.
I've been wanting to visit Australia for a long time since I heard about it from an ex-coworker who had taken a trip there.
His story and pictures that he showed me were interesting.
I don't like cold weather, so I gave up on that idea.
I could go see them and try the local cuisine.
But I turned down the idea because my wife suggested visiting there with the whole family next year.
I saw on TV a train running through a vast forest.
I decided that I'll definitely ride that train there someday.
So, I'm going to start planning a trip to Vancouver, and then get the train.
However, I think there is a huge difference between a tourist and a traveler.
A tourist gets only a superficial impression about the place he or she visits.
He or she doesn't try to immerse deeply into a new city or place, because he or she travels for stereotypes which are created by popular culture.
Conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for the value of the act itself.
A traveller thinks that travelling is not only a way to know the world, but also to know yourself.
Here are my personal tips for sucessful traveling:
You won't see real life or culture there.
Real life is what you want to see, isn't it?
Try to feel the city or place you visit.
When you take a photo, you are focusing on the action, but not on making your own impressions.
Our own impressions are the things which will be with us forever and they are more valuable and important than any photo.
You can't visit everything in a short time and stress won't benefit your trip.
There are a lot of people who love to travel and the well-known " I was here" list is seen as a personal life achievement.
However, I think there is a huge difference between being a tourist and being a traveller.
He doesn't try to immerse himself deeply into a new city or place, because he travels using stereotypes which are imposed by mass-culture.
Conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for himself.
Here are my personal tips on good travelling:
You won't see real life there.
When you take a photo, you are focusing on this process, but not on getting your impressions.
Our impressions are the things, which will be with us forever and are more valued and important than any photo.
You can't visit everything in a short time and won't benefit your journey.
No sooner had Nolan stepped into the room than Sidney yelled, "Welcome to Joan's concentration camp, buddy!" Upon seeing several prisoners and piles of paper on the long desk, Nolan understood what had happened.
I think that, just like it was thousands of years ago with other societies, modern society is very influenced by idols. In this case, these idols are celebrities.
Nowadays, it is easier than ever to see what our favorite celebrities are doing; all you need to do is log on to instagram or snapchat to see what they actually do in their daily lives.
My brother is hungry, so I'll probably finish later.
Good evening. It's been ages since I've logged into Lang8.
 Yesterday I went to an English school in order to ask much a full English course costs.
I guess it's because I could correctly answer questions about conditional tense.
However the English teachers were Italian.
I supposed that's not the best way to improve my pronunciation.
I need support from native English speakers.
Then, I remembered Lang8.
My goal is to write something every night and receive feedback.
No vocabulary while writing.
It isn't worth it to wake up before your alarm goes off.
She mentioned that many of her fans also like ZABADAK so she was planning a joint concert with Yoko Ueno, who had quit from ZABADAK around the same time.
I used to listen to those songs over 25 years ago.
One day, while I was listening to her songs through YouTube I found a recording of a joint concert.
started approaching me.
He had caught me off guard, and I am more than sure that if I had been able to breathe I would have screamed...
And then, as if it by magic, the entrance suddenly swung open.
Right after, as if the strings that were holding me had been cut, my body fell to the ground.
Today was my weekly English lesson and my tutor came to my house.
She kindly spoke English slowly and used simple English for me, but sometimes I couldn't even understand that.
After the hour-long lesson, I'm always exhausted.
English Lesson Once a Week
My tutor came to my house today for our weekly English lesson.
She kindly spoke English slowly and used simple language with me, but sometimes I couldn't understand her.
I am always exhausted after our one-hour lessons.
Espero que tengas la paciencia para corregir mis errores con el idioma.
Positive Parenting After Separation
Mom and Dad used to hate each other but they didn't divorce.
Dad took a second wife and left us.
I don't think he cared about us, he even didn't spend a penny on us.
All he wanted was to get revenge from my mum at any cost, even if that cost was paid by us, his children.
All I remember about Dad and Mom is fights, screaming, loud voices and being beaten.
Once time, Mum, my sister and I travelled to Aswan to visit my grandma there.
When we returned, we found my dad had changed the front door lock.
He refused to open the door for us so we had to stay the night at our neighbour's.
Although I had all these bad experiences, I sometimes feel I miss him.
On the other hand, even though Mum was good, we are not friends.
I also woke up very late this morning because my daughter took a day off due to her junior school's the graduate ceremony and I didn't need to bring her to the school bus stop this morning.
The final meeting today had been planned to take just one hour, but in the end it took more than 2hours....
The boss gave him many instructions.
At the end of the meeting, the boss told us to stay in the meeting room and called the other teammate.
The teammate brought a whole cake made by a very expensive and popular patisserie.
If I were him, I would've cried because it was just after my boss got angry.
Responsible, efficient, has analytical thinking, is able to solve complex problems.
In my opinion, the context within which we live is the main reason that might make us suffer psychologically.
The individuals around us can make us feel down, as well as the circumstances we live through having an important effect.
On the other hand, I don't think poverty by itself is a reason for psychological suffering.
However, I agree that the way we think and ruminate on our life and experiences can be a significant element in making us feel depressed or in a bad mood.
For example, a lot of poor people don't suffer psychologically as they are satisfied with their own life, while others who are much better off economically, have difficulty accepting their life the way it is.
The factor that can alleviate these issues, is support, which is a very crucial part of helping people to change their way of thinking.
You need to find those who make you feel capable and strong enough to overcome your own struggle.
Having those who give you positive energy to go on in your life journey is essential.
As for myself, I'm passing through a crucial phase of my life.
I have to make a decision whether to continue my current way or to start a new career with a lot of study, cost and effort.
This is aside from my personal life that I don't feel comfortable with.
So far, I cannot make my mind up as I'm the kind of person who needs to be pushed and challenged to start something new.
All those around me do is to blame me, and tell me it's too late to make changes in my life.
They force me to ruminate on the past opportunities I let go.
I know I'm the only one who can decide it but it's not easy with all this blame and rumination.
I just need to feel relieved and relaxed so I can make up my mind which is impossible in the atmosphere where I live right now.
Even taking the first steps and making a schedule to start studying and brush up on my Spanish is proving really hard to do.
So what is in my mind now is asking myself a lot of what ifs.
It means that youth has an excellent opportunity to improve its knowledge without boring lessons or wasting time getting to classrooms.
In addition, blogs, YouTube channels and the sites of famous fashion designers, handmade?masters, actors, writers, coaches and so on show workshops and give useful tips.
That is why I am positive that computers and the internet can contribute to the mental development of young people, if they use them to improve themselves.
I have had gastroenteritis since last weekend.
I suddenly got a stomachache at midnight.
I went by taxi to see a doctor with my husband.
But my husband have gotten sick now.
But my husband has gotten sick now.
Yesterday evening I met my old classmates from high school.
We reminisced about a lot of things that happened.
I forgot some of them, so I liked it very much to hear those stories again.
After the meeting, while alone in my car going home, I thought back about which school subjects I hadn't done well in because I didn't like them.
If I studied them now, with passion and diligence, I'd do very well in them.
His mother once said he was so creative that he could use anything as a toy.
At this point, it should be noted that he was a self-declared atheist during his entire life.
There were more or less 90000 households which used that method.
Watching TV on the internet was less popular.
In 2006, broadcast television was used less than Cable and Satellite.
Cable television was the most common with 100000 households using it.
In 2009, the Internet, with 120000 households using it, was become the most popular way to watch television, while the use of Broadcast and Cable decreased strongly with only 90000 and 40000 respectively.
In 2014, Internet, without contestation, was the most used technology with almost 200000 households against 10000 for the Broadcast.
Internet had conquered 20000 households, dominating how people watch TV, while broadcast lost almost all of these users.
I bought a very simple pair of long-nose black leather shoes with a single line as my first pair of leather shoes for working after graduating from university.
So I just picked up a very simple pair of black leather shoes.
He suffered another heavy setback when he realized that he couldn't find any.
But the problem was, like, I had a crush on this guy named John.
And we were gonna go--and it was gonna be like my only time I was gonna be able to like interact with a boy.
And then, like, I put my face in a table cloth and...
...was like, "Hi, John.
I've met a girl from Germany who has lived in the UK for more than 20 years.
I didn't realise she was German as her English sounded perfect and beautiful.
She told me that she went to school with British friends and grew up with them so she has no difficulty communicating while she is in the UK.
However, she told me that when she counts numbers or has to calculate something, her brain switches off from English and on to German automatically.
53+12=65 These kinds of easy numbers are fine.
My brain has already started calculating it in Japanese.
It's impossible to do it in English.
I've met a girl who is from Germany who has lived in the UK for more than 20 years.
I didn't notice she was German, as her English sounded perfect and beautiful.
However, she told me that only when she counts numbers or has to calculate something, her brain switches off English and switches on German automatically.
Easy sums like 53+12=65, are fine.
My brain already started calculating in Japanese.
Today was a productive day.
This morning, I went to work at half past seven.
I had a lunch and rested for about an hour.
 I had English class from 1 pm to 5 pm.
I had done yoga too.I also managed to do some yoga in the evening.
Tired and stress was disappeared.All the fatugue and stress disappeared.
I was sure this night I can sleep as well.I am sure I will be able to sleep well tonight.
 Do they have the same meaning?
It was a meaningful day because I spent around 6 hours enriching myself through reading books, learning English and summarizing my day.
One of my must-read books right now is "Zizhi Tongjian" which is a great history book with well written and wonderful stories.
In the afternoon, I saw a movie called "Paddington" which was very funny.
It was about a very cute talking bear.
My girlfriend came home very late because of a busy day at work.
She had not eaten lunch, not to mention dinner.
Her boss wanted to take up all of her free time.
I am currently training as an office management assistant.
This vocational training takes place partly in the company and partly in the vocational school.
In the company, I work eight hours a day in a forty-hour working week.
At the vocational school I take eight classes lasting forty-five minutes each on the theoretical side of the business.
In order to complete the training successfully, I have to take exams at the end.
The Chamber of Industry and Commerce oversees both the training and the examinations.
At the vocational school I receive instruction in such subjects as social studies, ethics, and languages--both German and English--as well as word and data processing.
In the company one performs a variety of tasks: dealing with incoming and outgoing mail, sorting and filing documents, organizing events, and taking the minutes at meetings.
My favorite subject is German because I like learning new things about spelling and grammar.
At the company I especially enjoy preparing for events and participating in them, because they are all different, and the variety provides a welcome change from the more routine paperwork.
 Recently, I bought a macbook for studying web design.
 My current job is not related with professional use of design, but someday I would like to have such a job.
what is the difference between consist and contain?
I remember when I first listened to Dire Straits as if it were yesterday.
I was at a party when I heard a breathtaking guitar solo.
Since then, my dream has always been to attend one of its concerts.
Dire Straits had performed many concerts in my city, but for one reason or another, it had never been possible for me to attend one of their shows.
I had been waiting for more than 30 years, and now my dream was going to come true.
However, after having anticipated it for so long, I started having doubts about whether or not the concert would really live up to my expectations.
The evening of the event, I put on my old black leather jacket and went to the football stadium where the concert was to take place.
When the concert began, everything and everybody around me disappeared.
There was nothing but the group and me.
However, the best was yet to come; the solo guitar that I had heard that very first day was longer and more intense than in any of their albums.
If I had to choose a single word to describe this experience, it would be "indescribable."
In a nutshell, that day I learnt that no matter how good music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
Musicians who play live always go the extra mile to satisfy their audience.
However, I started having doubts about whether or not after having waited for so long, the concert would really live up to my expectations.
In a nutshell, that day I learned that no matter how good music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
In January, I went to Lithuania on a business trip.
It's shameful to say, but at the time I had very limited knowledge of Lithuania.
I couldn't even spell the name of the capital, Vilnius.
Almost the only thing I knew was that a Japanese diplomat, Chiune Sugihara, had served as acting consul in Kaunas.
He risked his career, but took action to protect every individual indispensable life.
This story is famous in Japan and there is even a movie about it.
So I had wanted to ask some Lithuanians if they knew something about Sugihara or Japan since I arrived in Lithuania.
I couldn't believe the answers I got because they were more than I had expected.
Of course, she knew Sugihara and had heard the whole story.
Thinking of the situation in Lithuania where many highly educated master graduates have to work as clerks in apparel shops or in fast food chain shops, it could be taken for granted for that a Lithuanian working at one of the Japanese-lead companies had a profound knowledge of history.
But what if guys in their twenties who were not interested in school subjects knew Sugihara and could tell me his history eloquently.
Maybe around four thirty.
I had to stay up and work all night to fulfill all my tasks by their deadline.
By four o'clock I managed to have all my tasks done, and the only thing left was to print out 50 copies of 5 different documents and bring them by taxi to the headquarters.
By 20 minutes before the deadline all copies were done, but 50 more copies of an additional document sent from Estonia suddenly needed to be brought to the headquarters with the other documents.
It takes 8 minutes by taxi from my workplace to the headquarters.
So I thought that there were still 20 minutes left and I could make it.
The extra copies were done 5 minutes later, and I rushed to the entry where a taxi was supposed to be waiting for me.
When I look back on it now, it still makes my heart beat quickly.
I was told that if I called another taxi, I would have to wait 15 minutes for it.
It would never make it by my deadline.
That's why I thought I had to catch a taxi driving on the street along my workplace, but it was dark outside at twenty-five past four in the morning, and I couldn't see anything moving.
For a moment I could fortunately see a faint light in the darkness in a parking area of a supermarket.
I was acting on instinct.
There were only 5 minutes left until my deadline, so I didn't have any choice but to run to catch any remaining possibility.
The faint light was actually a car light, and those who were eating an early breakfast in the car were almost teenagers.
I explained to them that I had to bring my documents to headquarters as soon as possible, and asked if they could drive me there.
At first they were first confused, and I was not sure if they felt my sense of crisis, but they accepted my offer soon after that.
What made me most surprised was that even these guys knew Sugihara and told me that almost all Lithuanians get to know him before you start to learn about him and the story in history class.
